I can't wait to find out what more is it
letting menu has to offer
Thank You King pong ramp green lipped
mussel soup du jour a little bit of
everything a good restaurant does one
sort of food brilliantly a bad one does
50 badly oscar wilde buffalo buffalo
gesture even i'd find more as menu a
challenge God knows how a son Lenin
copes oh thank you my plan a starter
takes 20 minutes to arrive it stinks as
well then like everyone else I start
waiting and waiting for my main course
what they doing in that dose of
comfortable
has anyone told them there are 38
customers in the restaurant
with food and service this bad first
time customers will never come back
complimentary rain what can you do you
have to keep the customer happy Moore
has been forced to flush what little
profits you could be making straight
down the toilet at last an hour and a
half after ordering it
my carbonara finally arrives tastes like
this vinegar there
you don't put [ __ ] vinegar in a
carbonara
they leg in there is no parmesan in
there is bland garlicky chicken's
rubbery apart from being crap and really
[ __ ] I actually feel really embarrassed
because the girls behind me
communion we've been in here since 8
o'clock it's now 10 plus 10 so I'm
amazed that held out this long